Alenichev very good feed
first squeezed a dangerous moment
did not jump bulykin he saw that
him behind the pavement
missed i will note that he
we struck with you
let's see more Russia
they understand why
he attacked so much
defenders
what are the claims
rival what is tons said
they are mistakes often quite often
rush tell all kagal one
ball
opponent striker
two or three rival players
capitals in total solitude and
onopko came free kick
we wanted to somehow get something out of
advantage
we will transfer
high players support
beat less and all
explosive
enters the course includes booze thompson any
target
her refusal and such
cups than that
and here and now it is to disassemble children from
Yevseyev
their so designated
certainly not hot
such episodes but with the fact that while
note
according to her claim that something is shooting
and at least some items that
couch
vadim evseev costs
the judge did not see this episode
both saw episode usa started on the side
arbitrator
escaped on the lawn divs signed it
began to blame
he decides well before that
plan let's say so
rush hour friend and I
but restrain yourself
in this match is solved with
folio there selected
beloved and all
Heyec as Potap
shot on goal
OK
poland so
how does it save his team by doing
not
but rather just succeeded
since last year in singapore
penalty area
in today's match
in a complicated operation by Egypt Syria's daughter
of course
whatever coat
All saw many years already the main goalkeeper
onopko
against him playing passed
for the blind I am sure that Putin has brought trouble
house
and again diabetes
it was very good
transfer east of the nab
they had little to go one on one
but then the pedant of the offside position
offside
got to them
and see again dasaeva from
Yartseva
Murmansk think they need pepper
yarcev flight
match us with cards
Izmailov chance
games to be transferred turned out
quite unexpectedly
the blow by and large did not come out
but I did not know of course of course dangerous
but immediately you start thinking brandy of course
this theater
Izmailov overshadowed requests on the right forces
maybe some kind of option
with two young children such
forwards
cola put that option but you know
this
the victim of the conversation because the match
ended ended very
unpleasant shock for us
zero zero
but rather there is no account and everything will need
start off
year to date
in the match starting from November 15th which you
will see live on first
channel
here they say we
with pain
I'm a commentator on this
I see how he tries to do something
Kuban arbiter ovchinnikov
I can’t imagine how
ending the broadcast process
was organized by the first channel
No, I hand over to Kirill Klemenov
which time in the studio program
interesting guests gathered including
football guests
what good is he
take care of yourself enough